bin/bdwrite
bin/cin
%%LV2%%lib/cin/lv2ui
lib/cin/plugins/audio/audioscope.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/audio/compressor.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/audio/dcoffset.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/audio/delayaudio.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/audio/denoise.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/audio/denoisefft.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/audio/despike.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/audio/echo.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/audio/echocancel.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/audio/freeverb.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/audio/gain.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/audio/graphic.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/audio/interpolateaudio.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/audio/invertaudio.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/audio/leveleffect.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/audio/loopaudio.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/audio/normalize.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/audio/overlayaudio.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/audio/parametric.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/audio/pitch.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/audio/removegaps.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/audio/resample.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/audio/resamplert.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/audio/reverb.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/audio/reverseaudio.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/audio/spectrogram.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/audio/synthesizer.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/audio/timestretch.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/audio/timestretchrt.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/fonts/A Yummy Apology.ttf
lib/cin/plugins/fonts/A.C.M.E. Explosive Bold.ttf
lib/cin/plugins/fonts/A.C.M.E. Explosive.ttf
lib/cin/plugins/fonts/A.C.M.E. Secret Agent Bold.ttf
lib/cin/plugins/fonts/A.C.M.E. Secret Agent Italic.ttf
lib/cin/plugins/fonts/A.C.M.E. Secret Agent.ttf
lib/cin/plugins/fonts/A.D. MONO.ttf
lib/cin/plugins/fonts/Action Man Bold.ttf
lib/cin/plugins/fonts/Action Man Italic.ttf
lib/cin/plugins/fonts/Action Man.ttf
lib/cin/plugins/fonts/AltamonteNF.ttf
lib/cin/plugins/fonts/American Dream.ttf
lib/cin/plugins/fonts/O'Connor.ttf
lib/cin/plugins/fonts/Old English.ttf
lib/cin/plugins/fonts/Old Republic Bold.ttf
lib/cin/plugins/fonts/Old Republic BoldItalic.ttf
lib/cin/plugins/fonts/Old Republic Italic.ttf
lib/cin/plugins/fonts/Old Republic.ttf
lib/cin/plugins/fonts/Quatl Bold.ttf
lib/cin/plugins/fonts/Quatl Italic.ttf
lib/cin/plugins/fonts/Quatl.ttf
lib/cin/plugins/fonts/Radio Stars.ttf
lib/cin/plugins/fonts/Rafika.ttf
lib/cin/plugins/fonts/Raiders .ttf
lib/cin/plugins/fonts/Razor 1911.ttf
lib/cin/plugins/fonts/Re-buried.ttf
lib/cin/plugins/fonts/Rebecca.ttf
lib/cin/plugins/fonts/Regulators Italic.ttf
lib/cin/plugins/fonts/Regulators.ttf
lib/cin/plugins/fonts/Sci Fied Bold.ttf
lib/cin/plugins/fonts/Sci Fied BoldItalic.ttf
lib/cin/plugins/fonts/Sci Fied Italic.ttf
lib/cin/plugins/fonts/Sci Fied.ttf
lib/cin/plugins/fonts/Scratch my back.ttf
lib/cin/plugins/fonts/Scriptina.ttf
lib/cin/plugins/fonts/Scythe.ttf
lib/cin/plugins/fonts/Sea-Dog.ttf
lib/cin/plugins/fonts/TANTOR.ttf
lib/cin/plugins/fonts/Tafelschrift.ttf
lib/cin/plugins/fonts/Tape Loop.ttf
lib/cin/plugins/fonts/Tapeworm.ttf
lib/cin/plugins/fonts/Telegraphic Bold Italic.ttf
lib/cin/plugins/fonts/Telegraphic Bold.ttf
lib/cin/plugins/fonts/Telegraphic Italic.ttf
lib/cin/plugins/fonts/Telegraphic.ttf
lib/cin/plugins/fonts/Vera.ttf
lib/cin/plugins/fonts/VeraBI.ttf
lib/cin/plugins/fonts/VeraBd.ttf
lib/cin/plugins/fonts/VeraIt.ttf
lib/cin/plugins/fonts/VeraMoBI.ttf
lib/cin/plugins/fonts/VeraMoBd.ttf
lib/cin/plugins/fonts/VeraMoIt.ttf
lib/cin/plugins/fonts/VeraMono.ttf
lib/cin/plugins/fonts/VeraSe.ttf
lib/cin/plugins/fonts/VeraSeBd.ttf
lib/cin/plugins/fonts/arial.ttf
lib/cin/plugins/fonts/arialbd.ttf
lib/cin/plugins/fonts/arialbi.ttf
lib/cin/plugins/fonts/ariali.ttf
lib/cin/plugins/fonts/ariblk.ttf
lib/cin/plugins/fonts/comic.ttf
lib/cin/plugins/fonts/comicbd.ttf
lib/cin/plugins/fonts/cour.ttf
lib/cin/plugins/fonts/courbd.ttf
lib/cin/plugins/fonts/courbi.ttf
lib/cin/plugins/fonts/couri.ttf
lib/cin/plugins/fonts/fonts.scale
lib/cin/plugins/fonts/georgia.ttf
lib/cin/plugins/fonts/georgiab.ttf
lib/cin/plugins/fonts/georgiai.ttf
lib/cin/plugins/fonts/georgiaz.ttf
lib/cin/plugins/fonts/impact.ttf
lib/cin/plugins/fonts/l_10646.ttf
lib/cin/plugins/fonts/lucon.ttf
lib/cin/plugins/fonts/micross.ttf
lib/cin/plugins/fonts/old_engl.ttf
lib/cin/plugins/fonts/pala.ttf
lib/cin/plugins/fonts/palab.ttf
lib/cin/plugins/fonts/palabi.ttf
lib/cin/plugins/fonts/palai.ttf
lib/cin/plugins/fonts/symbol.ttf
lib/cin/plugins/fonts/tahoma.ttf
lib/cin/plugins/fonts/tahomabd.ttf
lib/cin/plugins/fonts/times.ttf
lib/cin/plugins/fonts/timesbd.ttf
lib/cin/plugins/fonts/timesbi.ttf
lib/cin/plugins/fonts/timesi.ttf
lib/cin/plugins/fonts/trebuc.ttf
lib/cin/plugins/fonts/trebucbd.ttf
lib/cin/plugins/fonts/trebucbi.ttf
lib/cin/plugins/fonts/trebucit.ttf
lib/cin/plugins/fonts/verdana.ttf
lib/cin/plugins/fonts/verdanab.ttf
lib/cin/plugins/fonts/verdanai.ttf
lib/cin/plugins/fonts/verdanaz.ttf
lib/cin/plugins/fonts/webdings.ttf
lib/cin/plugins/fonts/wingding.ttf
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/1080to480.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/1080to540.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/C41.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/L2_calf.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/aeffect_folder.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/aging.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/alias_1407.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/allpass_1895.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/am_pitchshift_1433.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/amp_1181.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/analogue_osc_1416.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/atransition_folder.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/audio_icon.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/audioscope.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/bandpass_a_iir_1893.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/bandpass_iir_1892.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/bandslide.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/bandwipe.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/bluebanana.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/blur.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/bode_shifter_1431.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/bode_shifter_cv_1432.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/brightness.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/burn.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/butterworth_1902.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/chebstortion_1430.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/chromakey.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/chromakeyhsv.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/clip_folder.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/clip_icon.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/color3way.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/colorbalance.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/comb_1190.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/comb_1887.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/comb_splitter_1411.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/compressor.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/const_1909.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/crikey.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/crossfade.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/crossover_dist_1404.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/dc_remove_1207.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/dcoffset.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/decay_1886.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/decimate.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/decimator_1202.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/declip_1195.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/deinterlace-cv.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/deinterlace.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/delay_1898.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/delayaudio.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/delayorama_1402.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/delayvideo.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/denoise.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/denoisefft.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/denoisevideo.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/descratch.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/despike.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/diffkey.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/diode_1185.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/dissolve.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/divider_1186.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/dj_eq_1901.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/dj_flanger_1438.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/dot.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/downsample.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/dyson_compress_1403.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/echo.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/echocancel.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/edge.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/fad_delay_1192.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/fast_lookahead_limiter_1913.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_abench.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_acompressor.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_acontrast.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_acrusher.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_adelay.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_aecho.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_aemphasis.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_aeval.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_afade.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_agate.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_allpass.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_aloop.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_aperms.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_aphaser.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_arealtime.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_aresample.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_astats.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_atadenoise.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_atempo.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_atrim.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_avgblur.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_bandpass.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_bandreject.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_bass.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_bbox.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_bench.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_biquad.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_bitplanenoise.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_blackdetect.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_blackframe.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_boxblur.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_bwdif.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_chorus.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_chromakey.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_ciescope.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_colorbalance.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_colorchannelmixer.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_colorkey.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_colorlevels.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_colormatrix.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_compand.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_compensationdelay.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_cover_rect.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_crop.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_cropdetect.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_crossfeed.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_crystalizer.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_datascope.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_dcshift.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_deband.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_deflate.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_deflicker.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_dejudder.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_delogo.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_deshake.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_despill.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_dilation.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_doubleweave.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_drawbox.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_drawgraph.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_drawgrid.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_drmeter.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_dynaudnorm.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_earwax.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_edgedetect.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_elbg.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_entropy.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_eq.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_equalizer.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_erosion.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_extrastereo.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_fade.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_fftfilt.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_field.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_fieldorder.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_fillborders.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_flanger.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_floodfill.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_framerate.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_fspp.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_gblur.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_gradfun.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_haas.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_hflip.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_highpass.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_hilbert.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_histeq.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_histogram.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_hqdn3d.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_hqx.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_hue.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_idet.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_il.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_inflate.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_interlace.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_kerndeint.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_lenscorrection.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_limiter.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_loop.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_loudnorm.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_lowpass.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_lumakey.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_lut.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_lut3d.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_lutrgb.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_lutyuv.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_mcdeint.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_mcompand.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_mestimate.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_mpdecimate.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_negate.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_nlmeans.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_noise.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_normalize.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_oscilloscope.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_owdenoise.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_perms.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_perspective.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_phase.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_pixscope.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_pp.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_pp7.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_prewitt.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_pseudocolor.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_readeia608.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_readvitc.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_realtime.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_removegrain.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_repeatfields.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_roberts.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_rotate.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_sab.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_separatefields.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_setrange.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_showinfo.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_shuffleframes.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_shuffleplanes.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_signalstats.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_silenceremove.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_sine.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_smartblur.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_sobel.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_spp.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_stereo3d.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_stereotools.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_stereowiden.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_super2xsai.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_swaprect.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_swapuv.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_tinterlace.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_tlut2.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_transpose.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_treble.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_tremolo.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_uspp.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_vaguedenoiser.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_vectorscope.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_vflip.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_vfrdet.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_vibrato.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_vignette.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_volume.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_volumedetect.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_w3fdif.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_waveform.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_weave.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_xbr.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_yadif.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ff_zoompan.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/fieldframe.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/findobj.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/flanger_1191.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/flash.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/flip.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/flowobj.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/fm_osc_1415.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/foldover_1213.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/foverdrive_1196.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/framefield.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/freeverb.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/freezeframe.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/freq_tracker_1418.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/gaborobj.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/gain.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/gamma.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/gate_1410.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/giant_flange_1437.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/gong_1424.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/gong_beater_1439.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/gradient.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/graphic.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/gsm_1215.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/gverb_1216.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/hard_limiter_1413.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/harmonic_gen_1220.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/hermes_filter_1200.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/highpass_iir_1890.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/hilbert_1440.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/histeq.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/histogram.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/histogram_bezier.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/holo.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/huesaturation.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/imp_1199.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/impulse_1885.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/interpolateaudio.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/interpolatebayer.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/interpolatepixels.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/interpolatevideo.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/inv_1429.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/invertaudio.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/invertvideo.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/irissquare.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ivtc.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/karaoke_1409.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/label_folder.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/label_icon.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/langer_1191.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/latency_1914.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/lcr_delay_1436.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/lens.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/leveleffect.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/linearblur.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/liveaudio.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/livevideo.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/loopaudio.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/loopvideo.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/lowpass_iir_1891.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ls_filter_1908.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/matrix_ms_st_1421.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/matrix_spatialiser_1422.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/matrix_st_ms_1420.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/mbeq_1197.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/media_folder.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/mod_delay_1419.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/motion-cv.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/motion-hv.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/motion.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/motion2.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/motion51.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/motionblur.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/motioncv.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/moveobj.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/multivoice_chorus_1201.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/notch_iir_1894.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/oil.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/overlay.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/overlayaudio.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/parametric.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/perspective.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/phasers_1217.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/photoscale.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/pitch.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/pitch_scale_1193.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/pitch_scale_1194.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/plate_1423.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/pointer_cast_1910.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/polar.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/proxy_folder.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/puzzleobj.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/radialblur.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/rate_shifter_1417.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/reframert.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/removegaps.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/reroute.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/resamplert.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/retro_flange_1208.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/revdelay_1605.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/reverb.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/reverseaudio.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/reversevideo.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/rgb601.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/rgbshift.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/ringmod_1188.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/rotate.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/rumbler.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/satan_maximiser_1408.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/sc1_1425.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/sc2_1426.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/sc3_1427.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/sc4_1882.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/sc4m_1916.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/scale.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/scaleratio.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/se4_1883.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/seltempavg.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/shaper_1187.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/shapewipe.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/sharpen.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/shiftinterlace.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/sifter_1210.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/sin_cos_1881.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/single_para_1203.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/sinus_wavewrapper_1198.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/slide.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/smooth_decimate_1414.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/soundlevel.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/spectrogram.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/spherecam.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/split_1406.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/step_muxer_1212.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/stylizeobj.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/surround_encoder_1401.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/svf_1214.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/svg.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/swapchannels.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/swapframes.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/synthesizer.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/tape_delay_1211.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/threshold.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/timeavg.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/timefront.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/timestretchrt.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/titler.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/transient_1206.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/translate.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/triple_para_1204.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/unknown_icon.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/unsharp.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/valve_1209.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/valve_rect_1405.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/veffect_folder.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/video_icon.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/videoscope.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/vocoder_1337.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/vtransition_folder.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/vynil_1905.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/wave.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/wave_terrain_1412.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/whirl.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/wipe.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/xfade_1915.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/yuv.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/yuv411.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/yuvshift.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/zm1_1428.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/zoom.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity2/zoomblur.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/original/1080to540.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/original/C41.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/original/aging.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/original/bandslide.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/original/bandwipe.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/original/bluebanana.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/original/blur.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/original/blurzoom.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/original/brightness.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/original/burn.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/original/chromakey.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/original/chromakeyhsv.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/original/colorbalance.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/original/compressor.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/original/crossfade.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/original/decimate.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/original/deinterlace.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/original/delayaudio.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/original/delayvideo.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/original/denoise.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/original/denoisefft.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/original/denoisemjpeg.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/original/denoisevideo.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/original/despike.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/original/diffkey.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/original/dissolve.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/original/dot.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/original/downsample.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/original/fieldframe.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/original/flash.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/original/flip.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/original/framefield.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/original/freeverb.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/original/freezeframe.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/original/gain.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/original/gamma.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/original/gradient.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/original/graphic.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/original/histogram.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/original/holo.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/original/huesaturation.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/original/interpolateaudio.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/original/interpolatepixels.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/original/interpolatevideo.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/original/invertaudio.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/original/invertvideo.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/original/irissquare.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/original/ivtc.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/original/lens.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/original/leveleffect.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/original/linearblur.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/original/liveaudio.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/original/livevideo.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/original/loopaudio.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/original/loopvideo.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/original/motion-hv.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/original/motion.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/original/motionblur.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/original/normalize.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/original/oil.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/original/overlay.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/original/overlayaudio.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/original/parametric.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/original/perspective.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/original/pitch.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/original/polar.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/original/radialblur.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/original/reframe.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/original/reframert.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/original/reroute.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/original/resample.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/original/reverb.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/original/reverseaudio.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/original/reversevideo.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/original/rgb601.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/original/rotate.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/original/rumbler.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/original/scale.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/original/seltempavg.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/original/shapewipe.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/original/sharpen.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/original/shiftinterlace.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/original/slide.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/original/spectrogram.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/original/svg.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/original/swapchannels.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/original/synthesizer.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/original/threshold.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/original/timeavg.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/original/timefront.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/original/timestretch.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/original/titler.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/original/translate.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/original/unsharp.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/original/videoscope.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/original/wave.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/original/whirl.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/original/wipe.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/original/yuv.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/original/zoomblur.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/1080to480.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/1080to540.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/720to480.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/C41.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/aging.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/audioscope.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/bandslide.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/bandwipe.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/bluebanana.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/blur.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/blurzoom.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/brightness.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/burn.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/cdripper.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/chromakey.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/chromakeyhsv.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/color3way.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/colorbalance.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/compressor.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/crikey.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/crossfade.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/dcoffset.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/decimate.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/deinterlace-cv.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/deinterlace.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/delayaudio.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/delayvideo.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/denoise.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/denoisefft.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/denoisemjpeg.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/denoisevideo.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/despike.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/diffkey.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/dissolve.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/dot.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/downsample.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/echo.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/echocancel.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/edge.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/fieldframe.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/findobj.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/flash.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/flip.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/framefield.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/freeverb.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/freezeframe.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/gain.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/gamma.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/gradient.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/graphic.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/greycstoration.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/histogram.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/histogram_bezier.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/holo.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/huesaturation.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/interpolateall.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/interpolateaudio.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/interpolatepixels.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/interpolatevideo.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/invertaudio.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/invertvideo.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/irissquare.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/ivtc.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/lens.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/leveleffect.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/linearblur.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/liveaudio.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/livevideo.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/loopaudio.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/loopvideo.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/motion-cv.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/motion-hv.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/motion.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/motion2.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/motion51.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/motionblur.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/normalize.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/oil.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/overlay.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/overlayaudio.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/parametric.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/perspective.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/photoscale.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/piano.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/pitch.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/polar.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/radialblur.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/reframe.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/reframert.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/removegaps.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/reroute.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/resample.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/resamplert.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/reverb.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/reverseaudio.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/reversevideo.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/rgb601.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/rgbshift.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/rotate.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/rumbler.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/scale.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/scaleratio.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/seltempavg.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/shapewipe.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/sharpen.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/shiftinterlace.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/slide.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/spectrogram.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/svg.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/swapchannels.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/swapframes.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/synthesizer.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/threshold.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/timeavg.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/timefront.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/timestretch.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/timestretchrt.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/titler.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/translate.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/unsharp.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/videoscope.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/vocoder.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/wave.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/whirl.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/wipe.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/yuv.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/yuv411.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/yuvshift.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/zoom.png
lib/cin/plugins/picon/smoother/zoomblur.png
lib/cin/plugins/shapes/burst.png
lib/cin/plugins/shapes/circle.png
lib/cin/plugins/shapes/clock.png
lib/cin/plugins/shapes/heart.png
lib/cin/plugins/shapes/specks.png
lib/cin/plugins/shapes/spiral.png
lib/cin/plugins/shapes/tile2x2h.png
lib/cin/plugins/shapes/tile2x2v.png
lib/cin/plugins/themes/theme_blond.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/themes/theme_blond_cv.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/themes/theme_blue.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/themes/theme_blue_dot.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/themes/theme_bright.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/themes/theme_hulk.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/themes/theme_pinklady.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/themes/theme_suv.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/themes/theme_unflat.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/video/1080to480.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/video/1080to540.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/video/720to480.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/video/C41.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/video/aging.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/video/bandslide.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/video/bandwipe.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/video/bluebanana.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/video/blur.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/video/brightness.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/video/burn.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/video/chromakey.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/video/chromakeyhsv.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/video/color3way.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/video/colorbalance.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/video/crikey.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/video/crossfade.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/video/decimate.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/video/deinterlace-cv.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/video/deinterlace.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/video/delayvideo.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/video/denoisevideo.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/video/descratch.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/video/diffkey.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/video/dissolve.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/video/dot.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/video/downsample.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/video/edge.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/video/fieldframe.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/video/flash.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/video/flip.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/video/framefield.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/video/freezeframe.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/video/gamma.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/video/gradient.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/video/histeq.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/video/histogram.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/video/histogram_bezier.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/video/holo.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/video/huesaturation.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/video/interpolatepixels.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/video/interpolatevideo.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/video/invertvideo.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/video/irissquare.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/video/ivtc.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/video/lens.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/video/linearblur.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/video/loopvideo.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/video/motion-cv.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/video/motion-hv.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/video/motion.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/video/motion2.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/video/motion51.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/video/motionblur.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/video/oil.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/video/overlay.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/video/perspective.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/video/photoscale.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/video/polar.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/video/radialblur.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/video/reframe.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/video/reframert.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/video/reroute.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/video/reversevideo.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/video/rgb601.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/video/rgbshift.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/video/rotate.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/video/rumbler.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/video/scale.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/video/scaleratio.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/video/seltempavg.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/video/shapewipe.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/video/sharpen.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/video/shiftinterlace.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/video/slide.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/video/spherecam.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/video/svg.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/video/swapchannels.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/video/swapframes.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/video/threshold.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/video/timeavg.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/video/timefront.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/video/titler.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/video/translate.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/video/unsharp.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/video/videoscope.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/video/wave.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/video/whirl.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/video/wipe.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/video/yuv.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/video/yuv411.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/video/yuvshift.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/video/zoom.plugin
lib/cin/plugins/video/zoomblur.plugin
share/applications/cin.desktop
%%DATADIR%%/COPYING
%%DATADIR%%/Cinelerra_factory
%%DATADIR%%/README
%%DATADIR%%/doc/Features5.pdf
%%DATADIR%%/doc/RenderMux.sh
%%DATADIR%%/doc/ShellCmds.html
%%DATADIR%%/doc/ShellCmds.pdf
%%DATADIR%%/doc/ShellCmds_en.html
%%DATADIR%%/doc/ShellCmds_ru.html
%%DATADIR%%/doc/apatches.png
%%DATADIR%%/doc/arrow.png
%%DATADIR%%/doc/autokeyframe.png
%%DATADIR%%/doc/autozoom.png
%%DATADIR%%/doc/bezier.png
%%DATADIR%%/doc/camera.png
%%DATADIR%%/doc/channel.png
%%DATADIR%%/doc/channelpositions.png
%%DATADIR%%/doc/cinelerra.html
%%DATADIR%%/doc/cleaning1.png
%%DATADIR%%/doc/compositing_pipeline.png
%%DATADIR%%/doc/compositing_pipeline2.png
%%DATADIR%%/doc/compress.png
%%DATADIR%%/doc/crop.png
%%DATADIR%%/doc/cut.png
%%DATADIR%%/doc/cwindow_light.png
%%DATADIR%%/doc/cwindow_zoom.png
%%DATADIR%%/doc/editing_mode.png
%%DATADIR%%/doc/expandpatch_checked.png
%%DATADIR%%/doc/eyedrop.png
%%DATADIR%%/doc/fit_curves.png
%%DATADIR%%/doc/fitautos.png
%%DATADIR%%/doc/ibeam.png
%%DATADIR%%/doc/ibeam_mode.png
%%DATADIR%%/doc/in_point_button.png
%%DATADIR%%/doc/inout_points.png
%%DATADIR%%/doc/insertion_strategy.png
%%DATADIR%%/doc/label_button.png
%%DATADIR%%/doc/label_traversal.png
%%DATADIR%%/doc/left_justify.png
%%DATADIR%%/doc/linear.png
%%DATADIR%%/doc/loadmode_cat.png
%%DATADIR%%/doc/loadmode_nested.png
%%DATADIR%%/doc/loadmode_new.png
%%DATADIR%%/doc/loadmode_newcat.png
%%DATADIR%%/doc/loadmode_newtracks.png
%%DATADIR%%/doc/loadmode_none.png
%%DATADIR%%/doc/loadmode_paste.png
%%DATADIR%%/doc/loadmode_resource.png
%%DATADIR%%/doc/magnify.png
%%DATADIR%%/doc/main_timebar.png
%%DATADIR%%/doc/mask.png
%%DATADIR%%/doc/mutepatch_up.png
%%DATADIR%%/doc/out_point_button.png
%%DATADIR%%/doc/overwrite_button.png
%%DATADIR%%/doc/paste.png
%%DATADIR%%/doc/previewregion.png
%%DATADIR%%/doc/projector.png
%%DATADIR%%/doc/protect.png
%%DATADIR%%/doc/record.png
%%DATADIR%%/doc/recording.png
%%DATADIR%%/doc/recordpatch.png
%%DATADIR%%/doc/rewind.png
%%DATADIR%%/doc/shortcuts.html
%%DATADIR%%/doc/show_meters.png
%%DATADIR%%/doc/singleframe.png
%%DATADIR%%/doc/splice_button.png
%%DATADIR%%/doc/timebar_label.png
%%DATADIR%%/doc/timebarslider.png
%%DATADIR%%/doc/title.png
%%DATADIR%%/doc/titlesafe.png
%%DATADIR%%/doc/toclip_button.png
%%DATADIR%%/doc/toolwindow.png
%%DATADIR%%/doc/top_justify.png
%%DATADIR%%/doc/track_attributes.png
%%DATADIR%%/doc/transport_panel.png
%%DATADIR%%/doc/viewer_labels.png
%%DATADIR%%/doc/vpatches.png
%%DATADIR%%/doc/wrench.png
%%DATADIR%%/doc/zoompanel.png
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/audio/acc256k.pro
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/audio/audio.opts
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/audio/bluray.m2ts
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/audio/dvd.dfl
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/audio/dvd.dvd
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/audio/f4v.dfl
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/audio/faststart_h264.mp4
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/audio/faststart_h264.qt
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/audio/flac.mkv
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/audio/flac.ogg
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/audio/flac.webm
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/audio/flv.dfl
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/audio/h264.mp4
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/audio/h265.mp4
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/audio/ima4.qt
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/audio/m2ts.dfl
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/audio/mkv.dfl
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/audio/mov.dfl
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/audio/mov.mov
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/audio/mp3.dfl
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/audio/mp3.f4v
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/audio/mp3.flv
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/audio/mp3.mp3
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/audio/mp3.qt
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/audio/mp4.dfl
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/audio/mp4.qt
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/audio/mulaw.qt
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/audio/ogg.dfl
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/audio/ogg.ogg
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/audio/opus.mkv
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/audio/opus.ogg
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/audio/opus.webm
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/audio/opus_ffmpeg.mkv
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/audio/opus_ffmpeg.ogg
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/audio/opus_ffmpeg.webm
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/audio/passes1and2_h264.mp4
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/audio/passes1and2_h265.mp4
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/audio/pcm.dfl
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/audio/pro.dfl
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/audio/qt.dfl
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/audio/s16.pcm
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/audio/s16le.qt
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/audio/s24.pcm
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/audio/s32.pcm
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/audio/s32le.qt
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/audio/s8.pcm
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/audio/s8.qt
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/audio/stereo.youtube
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/audio/stereo_with_h264.youtube
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/audio/vorbis.mkv
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/audio/vorbis.ogg
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/audio/vorbis.qt
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/audio/vorbis.webm
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/audio/webm.dfl
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/audio/webm.webm
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/audio/wmav1.qt
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/audio/wmav2.qt
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/audio/youtube.dfl
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/decode.opts
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/encode.opts
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/ffmpeg.opts
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/flv.dfl
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/format/bluray
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/format/dvd
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/format/fmp4
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/format/fqt
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/plugin.opts
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/16mmto264.mp4
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/avc422.m2ts
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/avi.xvid
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/bluray.m2ts
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/bluray_dv_ntsc.m2ts
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/bluray_dv_pal.m2ts
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/bluray_lo.m2ts
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/bmp.bmp
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/bmp.dfl
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/div3.qt
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/div3v2.qt
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/div5.qt
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/dnxhd.qt
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/dvd.dfl
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/dvd.dvd
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/f4v.dfl
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/faststart_h264.mp4
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/faststart_h264.qt
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/flv.dfl
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/flv.flv
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/h264.f4v
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/h264.mp4
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/h265-10bit.mp4
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/h265-hi.mp4
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/h265-lo.mp4
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/h265-med.mp4
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/h265.mp4
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/hd.youtube
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/hd_h264.youtube
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/hevc422p10.m2ts
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/hevc422p8.m2ts
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/huffyuv_screencapture.mov
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/j2k.qt
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/jpeg.qt
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/ks.pro
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/lossless.m2ts
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/m2ts.dfl
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/med422p10.pro
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/mjpeg_444.qt
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/mjpg.qt
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/mkv.dfl
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/mov.dfl
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/mov.mov
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/mp4.dfl
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/mp4.qt
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/mpeg.dfl
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/mpeg.mpeg
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/ogg.dfl
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/ogg.ogg
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/pam.dfl
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/pam.pam
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/pass1of2_h264.mp4
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/pass1of2_h265.mp4
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/pass1of2_vp9.webm
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/pass2of2_h264.mp4
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/pass2of2_h265.mp4
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/pass2of2_vp9.webm
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/pbm.dfl
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/pbm.pbm
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/pcx.dfl
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/pcx.pcx
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/pgm.dfl
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/pgm.pgm
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/pgmyuv.dfl
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/pgmyuv.pgmyuv
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/png.dfl
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/png.png
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/png.qt
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/ppm.dfl
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/ppm.ppm
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/pro.dfl
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/qt.dfl
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/raw.rgb
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/raw.yuv
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/raw_abgr.qt
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/raw_argb.qt
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/raw_bgr24.qt
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/raw_bgra.qt
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/raw_gray16be.qt
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/raw_rgb24.qt
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/raw_rgb48be.qt
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/raw_rgb555be.qt
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/raw_rgb555le.qt
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/raw_rgb565be.qt
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/raw_rgb565le.qt
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/raw_rgba.qt
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/raw_uyvy422.qt
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/raw_yuyv422.qt
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/rgb.dfl
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/rle.qt
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/sd.youtube
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/sd_h264.youtube
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/sgi.dfl
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/sgi.sgi
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/svq1.qt
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/theora.mkv
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/theora.ogg
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/tiff.dfl
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/tiff.tiff
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/tiff48.tiff
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/uhd.youtube
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/uhd_h264.youtube
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/v308.qt
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/v410.qt
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/video.opts
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/visually_lossless.m2ts
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/vp8.mkv
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/vp8.webm
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/vp9_0320x240_24or25or30fps.mkv
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/vp9_0320x240_24or25or30fps.webm
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/vp9_0640x360_24or25or30fps.mkv
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/vp9_0640x360_24or25or30fps.webm
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/vp9_0640x480_lowQuality_24or25or30fps.mkv
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/vp9_0640x480_lowQuality_24or25or30fps.webm
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/vp9_0640x480_mediumQuality_24or25or30fps.mkv
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/vp9_0640x480_mediumQuality_24or25or30fps.webm
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/vp9_1280x720_24or25or30fps.mkv
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/vp9_1280x720_24or25or30fps.webm
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/vp9_1280x720_50or60fps.mkv
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/vp9_1280x720_50or60fps.webm
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/vp9_1920x1080_24or25or30fps.mkv
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/vp9_1920x1080_24or25or30fps.webm
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/vp9_1920x1080_50or60fps.mkv
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/vp9_1920x1080_50or60fps.webm
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/vp9_2560x1440_24or25or30fps.mkv
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/vp9_2560x1440_24or25or30fps.webm
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/vp9_2560x1440_50or60fps.mkv
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/vp9_2560x1440_50or60fps.webm
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/vp9_3840x2160_24or25or30fps.mkv
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/vp9_3840x2160_24or25or30fps.webm
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/vp9_3840x2160_50or60fps.mkv
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/vp9_3840x2160_50or60fps.webm
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/webm.dfl
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/webm.webm
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/xvid.dfl
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/y4m.dfl
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/y4m.y4m
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/youtube.dfl
%%DATADIR%%/ffmpeg/video/yuv.dfl
%%DATADIR%%/info/plugins.txt
%%LV2%%%%DATADIR%%/lv2_blacklist.txt
%%DATADIR%%/models/amazon01
%%DATADIR%%/models/amazon01.xcf.bz2
%%DATADIR%%/models/amazon01_body.png
%%DATADIR%%/models/amazon01_eyes1.png
%%DATADIR%%/models/amazon01_eyes2.png
%%DATADIR%%/models/amazon01_head.png
%%DATADIR%%/models/amazon01_mouth1.png
%%DATADIR%%/models/amazon01_mouth2.png
%%DATADIR%%/models/amazon01_mouth3.png
%%DATADIR%%/models/golf01.png
%%DATADIR%%/models/heroine01
%%DATADIR%%/models/heroine01.png
%%DATADIR%%/models/heroine01.xcf.bz2
%%DATADIR%%/models/heroine01_body.png
%%DATADIR%%/models/heroine01_head.png
%%DATADIR%%/models/heroine01_mouth1.png
%%DATADIR%%/models/heroine01_mouth2.png
%%DATADIR%%/models/heroine01_mouth3.png
%%DATADIR%%/models/knight.xcf.bz2
%%DATADIR%%/models/knight01
%%DATADIR%%/models/knight01_body.png
%%DATADIR%%/models/knight01_eyes1.png
%%DATADIR%%/models/knight01_eyes2.png
%%DATADIR%%/models/knight01_head.png
%%DATADIR%%/models/knight01_mouth1.png
%%DATADIR%%/models/knight01_mouth2.png
%%DATADIR%%/models/knight01_mouth3.png
%%DATADIR%%/models/lion.xcf.bz2
%%DATADIR%%/models/lion01
%%DATADIR%%/models/lion01_body.png
%%DATADIR%%/models/lion01_eyes1.png
%%DATADIR%%/models/lion01_eyes2.png
%%DATADIR%%/models/lion01_head.png
%%DATADIR%%/models/lion01_mouth1.png
%%DATADIR%%/models/lion01_mouth2.png
%%DATADIR%%/models/lion01_mouth3.png
%%DATADIR%%/models/lion2.xcf.bz2
%%DATADIR%%/models/tree.png
%%DATADIR%%/models/tree01.png
%%DATADIR%%/models/warrior01
%%DATADIR%%/models/warrior01.xcf.bz2
%%DATADIR%%/models/warrior01_body.png
%%DATADIR%%/models/warrior01_eyes1.png
%%DATADIR%%/models/warrior01_eyes2.png
%%DATADIR%%/models/warrior01_head.png
%%DATADIR%%/models/warrior01_mouth1.png
%%DATADIR%%/models/warrior01_mouth2.png
%%DATADIR%%/models/warrior01_mouth3.png
%%DATADIR%%/msg/txt
%%DATADIR%%/tips/tips.de
%%DATADIR%%/tips/tips.el
%%DATADIR%%/tips/tips.en
%%DATADIR%%/tips/tips.es
%%DATADIR%%/tips/tips.eu
%%DATADIR%%/tips/tips.fr
%%DATADIR%%/tips/tips.hi
%%DATADIR%%/tips/tips.it
%%DATADIR%%/tips/tips.ja
%%DATADIR%%/tips/tips.ko
%%DATADIR%%/tips/tips.nb
%%DATADIR%%/tips/tips.pt
%%DATADIR%%/tips/tips.ru
%%DATADIR%%/tips/tips.sl
%%DATADIR%%/tips/tips.uk
%%DATADIR%%/tips/tips.vi
%%DATADIR%%/tips/tips.zh
share/locale/de/LC_MESSAGES/cin.mo
share/locale/el/LC_MESSAGES/cin.mo
share/locale/es/LC_MESSAGES/cin.mo
share/locale/eu/LC_MESSAGES/cin.mo
share/locale/fr/LC_MESSAGES/cin.mo
share/locale/hi/LC_MESSAGES/cin.mo
share/locale/it/LC_MESSAGES/cin.mo
share/locale/ja/LC_MESSAGES/cin.mo
share/locale/ko/LC_MESSAGES/cin.mo
share/locale/nb/LC_MESSAGES/cin.mo
share/locale/pt/LC_MESSAGES/cin.mo
share/locale/ru/LC_MESSAGES/cin.mo
share/locale/sl/LC_MESSAGES/cin.mo
share/locale/uk/LC_MESSAGES/cin.mo
share/locale/vi/LC_MESSAGES/cin.mo
share/locale/zh/LC_MESSAGES/cin.mo
share/pixmaps/cin.svg
share/pixmaps/cin.xpm
@dir lib/cin/plugins/picon/cinfinity
@dir %%DATADIR%%/lv2
